Refactor of "new pmc member" doc and templates (#189)
apache/comdev-site: source/templates/pmc-member-vote.txt

To: private@[PROJECT].apache.org
Subject: [VOTE] New PMC Member: [Candidate Name]

This is a VOTE to add [Candidate Name] as a PMC member.

This has been discussed here: 
[Link to DISCUSS thread on lists.apache.org] 
If you have more to add to the discussion, please do so there, rather than 
in this VOTE thread.

> [+1] Yes, add this committer
> [0] Abstain
> [-1] No, do not add this committer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[+1] Yes, add this person to the PMC
[0] Abstain
[-1] No, do not add this person to the PMC
```
